Blogging.
So the first tank you need to know about the ropes is that David is an operation system.
It's like on a page insisted on starlight in our virtual machine in your environment.
Then those verbs will start tracking our environment.
After connecting to do the center server.
So how you deploy your crops in your environment.
So from the center server you can go to home and in the home you have a tape call it VERY is Operation
management and there you have the bezique task deploy various operation management.
Of course there are some of the very place like a very somber edition that's come with the recent observer
give you as much information like only to talk about your environment.
Didn't we have a moderate version that lets you to automate the task and let's do is make the change
necessary for that environment.
Like for example upgrading to round of the virtual machine or the speed of the vision machine or resize
defy and make great strides from land to land etc. it's responsible for managing your environment to
be in a healthy state.
For example a virtual machine needs more space he will automatically add a space to disparage and Arsal
during the sleep you do.
Network gets it way.
So it make the necessary change automatically if you chose to do it automatically.
So you simply click on deploy Vili's management and other.
If your plates of the very is that you need to download it before you put it and all from the Lacamp
click browser and chose do Virial is fine.
Then of course Drogo the process it will help Pugil config and your virtual machine.
Select the name and the location that's mean name or the virtual machine that will have the avi in place
of the video is the location that mean any host or any of that that's under CLX are resource.
Mean you'd give it a different sort of call where automatically chose the research necessary from the
file review.
Still a stranger to the stars or this virtual machine didn't really tour complete deployment of course
you need to know the requirement from the realease operation management.
So if you got hurt you'll see some early operations management windows virtual Scipion memory and equipment.
So it's where it requires some resouce information about your environments.
So for example if you have an extra smart environment that's mean a tiny environment that we chose.
The attention to be center server.
It will require to have two virtual spew and a gigabyte of rent if you have a smart environment.
You need for Super you 16 gigabyte of RAM and so on and so on.
So this is the requirement of the environment but you don't need to care about them because drug deployment
of a virtual machine it will automatically select the necessary hardware for it.
You just need to have enough resources to deploy this virtual machine.
You can get about enough resource that you need if you have extra small you need at least a gigabytes.
And if you have a large environment you need 16 virtual subpoena and forty eight as you go by it or
from.
So then you we need to download if you want to try to place in your home lab environment that's mean
if you have more resource in your environment to start on your virtual machine with a gigabyte and so
on and so on.
You can go to the VM where and of course with your trial version you can download VM we're very pleased
with standard edition.
Evolution of course evolution give you a version then to download the same step you.
So the activity is operational management appliance and stagnation.
You click money you download and start downloading.
Of course there are some other team like LOEG and business for Claude So this is a stick to deploy your
reality is the same I had only had to add the template of the FBI is the same.
This is a step without having to get in.
Page staff's busy sometimes do not show up for example like that
show are getting stopped and clothes are getting stuck.
So you deploy your first virtual machine and install the props in your environment.